Fix for #870 (#1311)
MicrosoftDocs/Virtualization-Documentation: virtualization/windowscontainers/container-networking/network-drivers-topologies.md

  | **NAT (Default)** | Good for Developers | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection through Hyper-V virtual switch</li><li> Cross subnet: Not supported (only one NAT internal prefix)</li></ul> | Routed through Management vNIC (bound to WinNAT) | Not directly supported: requires exposing ports through host |
  | **Transparent** | Good for Developers or small deployments | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection through Hyper-V virtual switch</li><li>Cross Subnet: Routed through container host</li></ul> | Routed through container host with direct access to (physical) network adapter | Routed through container host with direct access to (physical) network adapter |
  | **Overlay** | Good for multi-node; required for Docker Swarm, available in Kubernetes | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection through Hyper-V virtual switch</li><li>Cross Subnet: Network traffic is encapsulated and routed through Mgmt vNIC</li></ul> | Not directly supported - requires second container endpoint attached to NAT network on Windows Server 2016 or VFP NAT rule on Windows Server 2019.  | Same/Cross Subnet: Network traffic is encapsulated using VXLAN and routed through Mgmt vNIC |

>   | **L2Bridge** | Used for Kubernetes and Microsoft SDN | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection through Hyper-V virtual switch</li><li> Cross Subnet: Container MAC address re-written on ingress and egress and routed</li></ul> | Container MAC address re-written on ingress and egress | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection</li><li>Cross Subnet: routed through Mgmt vNIC on WSv1809 and above</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | **L2Bridge** | Used for Kubernetes and Microsoft SDN | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection through Hyper-V virtual switch</li><li> Cross Subnet: Container MAC address re-written on ingress and egress and routed</li></ul> | Container MAC address re-written on ingress and egress | <ul><li>Same Subnet: Bridged connection</li><li>Cross Subnet: routed through Mgmt vNIC on Windows Server, version 1809 and later</li></ul> |
```
